---
layout: null
title: August 2006 - August 2013
subtitle:
image: "img/timeline/nsw_dec_logo.png"
lightbox: whs
excerpt: Network Administrator with the <a href="http://www.dec.nsw.gov.au/">NSW Department of Education and Communities</a> where I provided support and professional development for staff and students and acted as a liaison between staff and the state information technology team. I also provided user management and induction for new staff and students on functionality and behavioural expectations for the schools IT equipment."
---
## Duties
* Installation of new desktops, switches, servers, phones, printers & other technology items such as document cameras and AV equipment
* User management and induction. Including basic training on the usage of the schools network as well as basic network structure and layout.
* Created & maintained the schools backup system. Monitored routine backups of data and ensured the safe storage of backup media.
* Software evaluation and installation for school wide administrative software as well as evaluating software requests from staff and students for installation onto school machines.
* Managed all aspects of a Novell eDirectory server including user auditing, user logging, troubleshooting and repair, printer management via iPrint, data backup and access control. 
* Identified problem areas related to network capacity, bandwidth, and security and implemented solutions and improvements with the help of the DEC regional team.
* Researched and implemented a web based resource booking system for classrooms, computers, projectors & other school devices.
* Migrated server environments from eDirectory on Netware 6.5 to Active Directory on Windows Server 2008 including transfer of all data, creation and distributing new passwords to all staff and students.
* Migrated user desktops from WIndows XP to Windows 7 using Altiris for image deployment and software installation